# The Hambone Milker Project

Are you an active and avid listener of our favorite wheelchair bound hambone? Do you feel left out seeing the DLive spammers in the chat getting rewarded while you end up with nothing? This project aims to level the playing field a bit.

**This project is still in beta**

## Prerequesites:
To start with, you'll need a DLive account, and you'll need to have 20 stickers (which means filling up all of your sticker slots) which you'd like to use on the show. The current version works effectively as a sticker spammer, but an NLP chatbot version is coming shortly.

Next, you'll need the code for your machine. I recommend you download the repo as a zip file (click the little download icon to the right that says `Code` and choose that as your option) so that you can use the bot locally. Extract the zip file and keep the folder structure.

## Installation and Operation:
**For Windows users**, go to the windowsVersion directory, enter the dist directory, and unzip the `GoogleChromePortable` file, keeping the folder structure (i.e. it should extract to a folder called GoogleChromePortable), then run the `hambonemilker-windows.exe` file. I packaged the appropriate webdriver and portable browser together in order to make this happen (with the benefit that you can actually watch the show with this while the bot works in the background). This means however that you must keep the folder structure the same. Pay attention to the CMD prompt that comes up and follow its instructions and you should be good to go. **Note that you'll probably get a Windows Firewall alert. As this application is indeed attempting to access the internet in order to get to DLive, you'll have to let it through or it won't work.**

**For Linux and Mac Users**, you'll need python3 and python3-pip installed. You will also need Google Chrome installed on your machine. Once that's taken care of, run
 `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
and then
`python3 hambonemilker-LinuxMac.py`
from the root of this unzipped repository. It will intelligently detect your chrome installation path, meaning all you need to do is follow the prompts in your shell. It will open up a Chrome browser window to the show, which you can watch while the bot works in the background.

### What it does:
This bot takes advantage of DLive's participation system, while attempting to appear as organic as possible, given the show audience and participants. It waits a random interval past the set delay mode, and then posts a sticker, with future iterations to post relevant text generated by NLP models. This increases your participation score, which increases your potential share of the pot when the chest is opened. Eventually I'd also like to find a way to bypass the captcha hook and run it purely in headless mode, meaning you could let it run on its own, but that's down the line.

### What currently works:
This bot can automatically detect if the show is running or not, and will only start posting stickers and operating in general when the show is live. This prevents you from looking like an obnoxious robo spammer which will inevitably get silenced by the moderation team.
### What doesn't quite work yet
I've been working on the bot to automatically detect if the Chest Opening notification has been thrown, but DLive's page is a bit difficult to properly scrape for those events. I'm sure there's an API call I could use, but I haven't tried that method yet as I'm trying to make it appear like organic traffic (clicks and all) so DLive doesn't get suspicious. It will _try_ to find if the chest opening notification is thrown and act on it, but that probably won't work yet. ***I am looking for help capturing this event and coding for it*** . For now, leverage the bot as a way to increase your participation score and pay attention manually for when the chest is open and activate it the old fashioned way. *Note that you can be logged in to multiple devices on DLive and act on the notification from any one of those*

## Something Isn't working:
Either file a bug report on this repo or ping me on Discord. Or both! I'd be happy to look in to it, though this tool is a hobby project for me, and progress will be based on free time.

## I don't trust you
That's fine! I included the source code for both the Windows and the Unix versions of the code, which you are more than welcome to audit. If you have any questions feel free to ask!
